classicalGuy: "Florida here we come!"  
janeIzC00l: "Lots of fun here in the Windy Current!"   
pet_lover101: "Dogs are the best! I wish I had a house full of them."  
always_an_adventure: "I can't believe you didn't say happy birthday to me."  
thestarsareouttonight: "Congratulations on your new guppy!"   
painted_mountain: "Trouble in paradise, it's raining flakes and pellets out here."   
dannydandan: "Look at how cute she is! #bestkittyever!"  
mannytheman: "I have so many things to say about this reef. I don't know where to start."   
billymait: "At any given moment the law of a nation contains things new and old."  
willfred: "There is no fear of our saying that the coral spawning and the salt exchange are institutions which belong to one and the same age."   
bobbybobob: "I did it! I won the best brine shrimp competition, second year ranking!"   
gil_marti: "This is music to my ears. Stop barking to the beat of Tchaicovsky."  
joeyespin: "I can't wait for the water polo game. Bloodworms and algae wafers here I come!"   
curiouscat: "What came first, the egg or the fry?"   
jlubbock: "What we see depends mainly on wheat we look for"  
wisdon: "To understand the current takes time."   
thisiszen: "Words are the fog one has to see through"  
happyperson: "There's no greater love than the love of a Betta."   
peaceforall: "Animals make me happy"  
dandi_lion: "I want a Great White for Christmas."   
martagon: "Sea anemones are beautiful."   
ocelot: "My cat is so mean, she tore up my shoes."  
puma: "I went swimming today for the first time in a long time and saw two cute stray minnows."   
colocolo: "I got my son a puppy for christmas. We named him spot"  
margay: "I can't help but love these little fry."   
serual: "Their scales are so shiny."   
wwolfie: "He's so big he could be a wolf"  
callitwhatitis: "She went crazy and uprooted everything in the tank!"   
annamarie: "Clearly this guppy doesn't like acclimation bags."   
iamenglish: "Check out where I'm going next week!"  
bewise: "The sharks and the whales are at it again."   
highwater: "This tide seems to be too low."   
the_toaster: "I'm sorry for burning your bread"  
afridge: "It's saltwater in here."   
ovenoven: "It's not cold in here"  
choco: "Who is up for some delicious frozen treats?"   
straydog: "I miss my little pup."  
disbelief: "I can't believe my best friend is a pufferfish."   
moneymoney: "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a doggie hotel"  
